My name is Colton Phillips, a 4th year Software Engineer student at UVic.
http://www.coltonphillips.ca
http://www.coltonphillips.ca/resume

OBJECTIVE

I am seeking flexible part time work while finishing my degree. Flexibility is important for me so I may focus on maintaining excellent grades.

As my resume displays, I am an excellent computer user with professional programming and quality assurance experience. I have programmed on computationally intensive real time products (Video Games) and I have programmed websites. I have advanced skills in digital art including Adobe products for illustration, photo and video editing. I can create digital music quickly and effectively. In addition I have a wealth of experience with other fields (Tutoring, labor, painting, cooking, grocery, retail). I can use all of these skills independantly or in a team to meet and exceed desired requirements.

What follows is a list of some of the ideas I have for tasks I would excel at doing:

- Programming Tutor
	I have many skills in programming, and I can teach young and old alike. 
	I have specialty skills in game development, especially using Game Maker: Studio
	Python, Github, C++, C#, Javascript, Using HTTP APIs, Web programming
- Programming Junior
	I can provide my experience as a part time worker on a professional software team
	I'll learn the codebase quickly and provide bugfixes and features 
- Computer Repair and Use
	I can help you with using your Windows, Mac or Linux computer
	I know how to remove some common viruses
	I can help get your computer in its best working order
	I have computer hardware and software knowledge
	I'll teach you anything you want to learn
- Web Design
	I'll design your website on the Squarespace platform
	Depending on the task I can likely help you accomplish something using other frameworks
- Graphic Design
	I'll create a custom logo or alter an existing one to your needs
	Assemble digital InDesign documents for things like menus, event programs, etc
	Use or teach Photoshop to accomplish simple tasks
- Videographer
	I'll use my Canon EOS Rebel T3I to record your event
	I can edit and render the footage into a nice video
- Audio Composer
	I can use Reason Essentials to create reasonably complex audio tracks
	These can be used for jingles, animation/games, websites, YouTube videos
	I can create these tracks very quickly
- Guitar Performance
	Occasionally I see ads for entertainers at shops downtown
	I can prepare a set of energetic acoustic guitar music
	I can teach you how to play guitar
	10 years of experience
- Screen Record
	If you need a video capture of your software, website, etc I can accomplish this for you
- Painting
	I've spent the summer painting a house, 2 fences, and other things
	I've come to enjoy the task and think I'd do a great job painting your things
- Labor
	The typical stuff: Mow lawn, clear brush, house up-keep, inside or outside labor
	I don't have much equipment, but plenty of experience with household tools like hammers, screwdrivers, etc
- Dishwasher, Prep Cook
	I have experience with the food industry and enjoy the work
	I believe I have the skills for a lead cook, but that tends to require less flexibility than Prep/DW
	I can work with the cook during busy times
- Other
	I like learning new things and have a history of working strange new jobs
	I spent a summer extracting honey - I'm open to trying myself on a new task

LOCATION

I live in the Oak Bay area. I can take public transit to work, or I can accept rides. I have a driver license, but no vehicle.

CONTACT

Email me at the address in my resume (coltonjphillips at gmail dot com), or email me with the (UsedVictoria/Craigslist) email service.
We can set up a coffee or Skype meeting.

Cheers,
Colton Phillips

